c:\Users\ADMIN\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\test\testAPIDataAccess\bin\Debug\testAPIDataAccess.dll.config
c:\Users\ADMIN\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\test\testAPIDataAccess\bin\Debug\testAPIDataAccess.dll
c:\Users\ADMIN\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\test\testAPIDataAccess\bin\Debug\testAPIDataAccess.pdb
c:\Users\ADMIN\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\test\testAPIDataAccess\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v16.1.dll
c:\Users\ADMIN\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\test\testAPIDataAccess\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpo.v16.1.dll
c:\Users\ADMIN\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\test\testAPIDataAccess\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\Users\ADMIN\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\test\testAPIDataAccess\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\Users\ADMIN\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\test\testAPIDataAccess\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v16.1.xml
c:\Users\ADMIN\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\test\testAPIDataAccess\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Xpo.v16.1.xml
c:\Users\ADMIN\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\test\testAPIDataAccess\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\Users\ADMIN\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\test\testAPIDataAccess\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\Users\ADMIN\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\test\testAPIDataAccess\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Data.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\Users\ADMIN\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\test\testAPIDataAccess\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Data.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\Users\ADMIN\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\test\testAPIDataAccess\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Data.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\Users\ADMIN\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\test\testAPIDataAccess\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Data.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\Users\ADMIN\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\test\testAPIDataAccess\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Xpo.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\Users\ADMIN\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\test\testAPIDataAccess\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Xpo.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\Users\ADMIN\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\test\testAPIDataAccess\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Xpo.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\Users\ADMIN\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\test\testAPIDataAccess\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Xpo.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\Users\ADMIN\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\test\testAPIDataAccess\obj\Debug\testAPIDataAccess.dll
c:\Users\ADMIN\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\test\testAPIDataAccess\obj\Debug\testAPIDataAccess.pdb
C:\Users\ADMIN\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\test\testAPIDataAccess\obj\Debug\testAPIDataAccess.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
